Controllers in Spring MVC are very lightweight.
They don't even actually require you to implement an interface.
So if you remember, our controller definition from our
Hello World action that we did earlier,
our greeting controller was very basic, no interface,
no class that we had to extend, we really only needed two parts.
We needed a Controller annotation that told Spring MVC that this is a
controller and it should be included in the available controllers for it to
route information to, and that we needed to have a request mapping
associated with it. And the request mapping,
which in our case,
is a GetMapping, tells Spring which method is going to
handle which request. Now before we move on,
though, I want to mention a few things.
Spring does have some older concrete classes that you can extend,
and your URL will map the class based off the controller name.
It's a little bit of an older approach, in fact,
it's kind of a more odd approach now, but it works just fine,
and you may run into it out there.
More and more people, though,
are choosing the controller request‑based mapping approach as they've worked
with more and more RESTful services. It doesn't make a lot of sense to have
two different ways inside your application. Since I'm going to show you some
of the things with RESTful services later,
I chose to just show you this approach in this example. There are other ways of doing it, though, like I mentioned.